README.md, before:

# MAD All Repository

This repository contains links to my other GitHub repositories.

## Repositories
- [Assignment 01 Skill Swap Frontend Snack Expo](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Assignment_01)
- [SkillSwap App on Expo](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/SkillSwap)
- [TodoList App Quiz 01](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/TodoListApp)
- [Ecommerce App Xammp](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce)
- [Ecommerce App monogoDb fully working with apk file](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce-Application)
- [Mid Exam Coffee Shop](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/MidExamCoffieeShop)
- [Juice App](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Juice-App)

## Youtube Links:
### Skill Swap App 
https://youtube.com/shorts/KY76t1jg0bw?si=2_6or3-DxSb5vH_9
### Ecommerce App 
#### version 1
https://youtu.be/994iL56FeH0
#### version 2
https://youtu.be/pIEqi3c3cMw



## Apk File :
- [Ecommerce Apk File ](https://expo.dev/accounts/tayyabfareed/projects/EcommerceAppNew/builds/3e23e9ac-d4c4-47b9-b53c-aa6042868c04)



# MAD Repository - Collection of Projects

This repository contains all major MAD course projects, including fully functional **Expo apps**, backend setups (Node.js), and working snapshots/videos. Each project folder contains the complete code and instructions to run locally.

---

## Projects Included

1. **Skill Swap - Assignment 1**  
   - **Description:** An app for users to exchange skills.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js (optional backend).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     ```
   - **Features:** User signup/login, skill listing, messaging.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

2. **Quiz 01 & ToDo List App**  
   - **Description:** Interactive quiz app and task management app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend (optional).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js   # if backend exists
     ```
   - **Features:** Multiple choice questions, score tracking, task CRUD functionality.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

3. **Assignment 02 - Ecommerce App**  
   - **Description:** Full working Ecommerce mobile app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend, MongoDB (if used).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js
     ```
   - **Features:** Product listing, cart functionality, search, admin panel.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

4. **MAD Mid Exam - Coffee Shop**  
   - **Description:** MID/MAD Exam project simulating a coffee shop app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend.  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js
     ```
   - **Features:** Menu browsing, cart, order management.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

---

## General Commands for Expo Projects

- **Create a new Expo app:**

npx create-expo-app mynewapp
# Start an existing Expo app:
 cd project-folder 
 npx expo start
Run backend server (Node.js):


node server.js

## Notes
Make sure Node.js and Expo CLI are installed on your system.

Snapshots and videos are included in the respective project folders for reference.

All projects are fully functional and tested on Android/iOS simulators or real devices.
## Some App app simple for download and  run on your computer
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/midExam 
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Juice-App
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/EcommerceApp 
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Skill-Swap-App
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce-Application
##  Author
- Malik Tayyab Fareed
- Software Engineer | MAD Student
- Islamabad, Pakistan

Commit message:

Update README with new assignment links

README.md, after:

# MAD All Repository

This repository contains links to my other GitHub repositories.

## Repositories
- [Assignment 01 Skill Swap Frontend Snack Expo](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Assignment_01)
- [SkillSwap App on Expo](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/SkillSwap)
- [TodoList App Quiz 01](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/TodoListApp)
- [Ecommerce App Xammp](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce)
- [Ecommerce App monogoDb fully working with apk file](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce-Application)
- [Mid Exam Coffee Shop](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/MidExamCoffieeShop)
- [Assignment no # 03 Biding as freelancer](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Bids_As_Freelanceer)
- [Assignment no # 04 Gumroad For Passive income](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Gumroad_Products-_A4)
- [Juice App](https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Juice-App)


## Youtube Links:
### Skill Swap App 
https://youtube.com/shorts/KY76t1jg0bw?si=2_6or3-DxSb5vH_9
### Ecommerce App 
#### version 1
https://youtu.be/994iL56FeH0
#### version 2
https://youtu.be/pIEqi3c3cMw



## Apk File :
- [Ecommerce Apk File ](https://expo.dev/accounts/tayyabfareed/projects/EcommerceAppNew/builds/3e23e9ac-d4c4-47b9-b53c-aa6042868c04)



# MAD Repository - Collection of Projects

This repository contains all major MAD course projects, including fully functional **Expo apps**, backend setups (Node.js), and working snapshots/videos. Each project folder contains the complete code and instructions to run locally.

---

## Projects Included

1. **Skill Swap - Assignment 1**  
   - **Description:** An app for users to exchange skills.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js (optional backend).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     ```
   - **Features:** User signup/login, skill listing, messaging.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

2. **Quiz 01 & ToDo List App**  
   - **Description:** Interactive quiz app and task management app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend (optional).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js   # if backend exists
     ```
   - **Features:** Multiple choice questions, score tracking, task CRUD functionality.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

3. **Assignment 02 - Ecommerce App**  
   - **Description:** Full working Ecommerce mobile app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend, MongoDB (if used).  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js
     ```
   - **Features:** Product listing, cart functionality, search, admin panel.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

4. **MAD Mid Exam - Coffee Shop**  
   - **Description:** MID/MAD Exam project simulating a coffee shop app.  
   - **Stack:** React Native (Expo), Node.js backend.  
   - **Commands to Run:**
     ```bash
     npx expo start
     node server.js
     ```
   - **Features:** Menu browsing, cart, order management.  
   - **Snapshots/Video:** Included in the project folder.

---

## General Commands for Expo Projects

- **Create a new Expo app:**

npx create-expo-app mynewapp
# Start an existing Expo app:
 cd project-folder 
 npx expo start
Run backend server (Node.js):


node server.js

## Notes
Make sure Node.js and Expo CLI are installed on your system.

Snapshots and videos are included in the respective project folders for reference.

All projects are fully functional and tested on Android/iOS simulators or real devices.
## Some App app simple for download and  run on your computer
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/midExam 
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Juice-App
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/EcommerceApp 
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Skill-Swap-App
- https://github.com/tayyabfareed009/Ecommerce-Application
##  Author
- Malik Tayyab Fareed
- Software Engineer | MAD Student
- Islamabad, Pakistan
